src/content/rendering.mdx, before:

---
title: "Rendering objects"
publishDate: "August 20, 2023"
tag: "Blog Features"
---
Now we have equations:
<center> 
$$ P_G = \frac{(\lambda_TP)^k e^{-\lambda_TP}}{k!} $$
$$\\$$
$$\\$$
$$\\$$
$$ P_G(2P) = e^{-2\lambda_TP} $$
</center>

Rendering STLs

<MeshRenderSwitch url="../full_bot.stl"/>

<details>
<summary>Code Examples</summary>
```js
console.log('Hi pluto!')
```
</details>


And Normal Images:
<center><img src="../map.jpg" width="500" height="600"/></center>

<center><img src="../images/drone.png" width="500" height="600"/></center>

Tan(X) Graph:

<HelloFx />

Inequalities:

<InequalitiesExample />

Here is a collection of beautiful images.

<ImageGrid srcs={["../noise.png", "../map.jpg", "../map.jpg", "../noise.jpg"]} />

<BlogSuggestion link="/blog/default" title="Generating default blog items" />

For special cases, you can also manually number your sidenotes<Sidenote number={42}>This sidenote has a custom number</Sidenote>.

# Quizes are available Now

<Quiz quizData={[
  {
    question: "What is the capital of France?",
    answers: [
      { text: "Paris", correct: true },
      { text: "London", correct: false },
      { text: "Berlin", correct: false },
    ],
    explanation: "Paris is the capital of France.",
  },
  {
    question: "What is 2 + 2?",
    answers: [
      { text: "3", correct: false },
      { text: "4", correct: true },
      { text: "5", correct: false },
    ],
    explanation: "2 + 2 equals 4.",
  },
]} />

Commit message:

preview cards and a new blog item

src/content/rendering.mdx, after:

---
title: "Rendering objects"
publishDate: "August 20, 2023"
tag: "Blog Features"
---
Now we have equations:
<center> 
$$ P_G = \frac{(\lambda_TP)^k e^{-\lambda_TP}}{k!} $$
$$\\$$
$$\\$$
$$\\$$
$$ P_G(2P) = e^{-2\lambda_TP} $$
</center>

Rendering STLs

<MeshRenderSwitch url="../full_bot.stl"/>

<details>
<summary>Code Examples</summary>
```js
console.log('Hi pluto!')
```
</details>


And Normal Images:
<center><img src="../map.jpg" width="500" height="600"/></center>

<center><img src="../images/drone.png" width="500" height="600"/></center>

Tan(X) Graph:

<HelloFx />

Inequalities:

<InequalitiesExample />

Here is a collection of beautiful images.

<ImageGrid srcs={["../noise.png", "../map.jpg", "../map.jpg", "../noise.jpg"]} />

<BlogSuggestion link="/blog/default" title="Generating default blog items" />

For special cases, you can also manually number your sidenotes<Sidenote number={42}>This sidenote has a custom number</Sidenote>.

*Quizes are available Now*

<Quiz quizData={[
  {
    question: "What is the capital of France?",
    answers: [
      { text: "Paris", correct: true },
      { text: "London", correct: false },
      { text: "Berlin", correct: false },
    ],
    explanation: "Paris is the capital of France.",
  },
  {
    question: "What is 2 + 2?",
    answers: [
      { text: "3", correct: false },
      { text: "4", correct: true },
      { text: "5", correct: false },
    ],
    explanation: "2 + 2 equals 4.",
  },
]} />

# My Blog Post

Here is a preview card:

<PreviewLink
    title="Introduction to React"
    link="https://example.com/react-intro"
    summary="This article covers the fundamental concepts of React, including components, props, and state."
/>
